days, So you're not gonna be over control everybody's actions all the
time, But you can let them know what the boundaries are. The best way
to do that. Just be clear. You can't cover every situation. But if
you are clear on what you expect from people, um, those boundaries
will naturally be in place if you're if you're concerned about people
of different rakes cohabitating off base. Uh, I'm not sure there's
something that you can do about that If they're already doing it, um,
you can have what I would say is you want to try to deal with it
at the lowest level possible. A lot of times that's engaging the senior
list of leadership toe. Let them know what's going on and see if
they can handle it, because oftentimes that's enough. And if you're
going in establishing these boundaries, you need tohave your non commissioned
officers on board and agreeing with you in order to make
that case